# Secure Digits Plus: Fighting Entropy
Hybrid-DSC is a modification for PowerShell that is targeted to easily automate the distribution of a Secure Windows Operating System/Network topology with all dependencies/prerequisites deployed, configured, and handled appropriately for any given node(s) it generates. It *sort of* works in the same way that a quine would..? Where instead of reproducing the source code, it's just reproducing the code necessary to allow a child item to be spawned with deployment AND configuration instructions that can be executed, expanded to maturity, and then reintegrated back to the original hive cluster. (Similar to Chef, SCCM, etc.)

From PXE, to 'ready for any person/employee to use and have *all* of their data 100% restored *without the problems it had* ... within 10 minutes. ( You could say 'System Restore Mode' except it'll *always* work... )

Or, if you suspect that your computer or domain has 'a massive infection that you just found out about...' then, you can perform a live audit of all applications, links, registry paths, items, user accounts, forensics, etc... on any/all machines in any/all networks in that domain... It's like Azure except, it doesn't get in your face all the time. At every corner. When everyone says "Just use Azure or AWS", they forget that a snowball could in fact benefit from being a lot faster and weigh an hell of a lot less... or need 0% of the tractor trailers necessary to convert $anyamount of data... to a whopping 3-10% of the original data... It's like, being able to 
move an exobyte by designing a program that can fold up every aspect of itself so that it can be self-decompiled and take up a lot less space by using 'being good at mathematics' instead of 'making money off of replicating very repetitive strings'.

To provide an extension to MDT, and Windows Update, that may inevitably give rise to 'the kernel that can rewrite and self correct itself while it is running', AKA, 'You won't ever need to reboot for security updates or kernel revisions or any real reason at all (unless maybe your battery died or your power went out... those situations are 'hardware related', not 'programmers that don't program very well, related' ) because the updates will achieve live updating... Think of Google Chromebook, as efficient... and up to date... Except..? It'll actually have some *processing power/balls* under the hood as opposed to anything Chromebook, or iOS/MacOS related... AND, it'll be able to protect your little DOM or Kernel from being attacked by some idiot... ( AKA, somebody in the government... ) 
From being exploited. Hence, it's why Professionals and Experts that run *any* software *anywhere*, *everywhere*, and then some... well when it comes to a real life honest to god, good, working operating system, who do you think everyone goes to? Google? "Only for searching the internet", that's about as good as a Chromebook gets. When you need a pair of nuts to drive your applications though... Who do you think everyone goes to?

Microsoft. Duh. When it comes to Google/Linux/Kubernetes/Python, "Being written by the best software engineers out there..." is something they don't really care for. It's sort of the most desirable thing about Azure and AWS... they happen to be written by the best software engineers out there... And their primary product is called "The Operating System that runs circles around any browser based operating system... such as Fushia/Android/ChromeOS, iOS/MacOS"

For your information, that thing is called "Microsoft Windows"... and, guess what. It was... written... by the *best software engineers out there*... And for your information, none of these *best software engineers out there* work for anyone other than Microsoft. What that means is... *you can't even build a quantum computer to compete with how top notch this operating system is bruh*. You can try, over and over again, but you will forever continue to fail at employing the best software engineers out there, because... they already work for Microsoft. No really... they do. So, take your little-girl powered Google ChromeOS/Android/FushiaOS, and beat it already...

And, hey. It's not like Linux/Kubes/Docker doesn't make it's best attempt in existence, to hold it's head high, and you know, *hope* that it comes in '2nd place' when it comes to "Being written by the best software engineers out there..."

It's just that when someone rants and raves about RHEL or Kubes, or Python, or anything authored by Google, or what have you... they are ignoring the fact that they could only be talking about something that maxes out at "2nd place material" Or lets say that someone with a Chromebook shows up... and like 99% of the people out there that happen to require more than just 'play Pogo' or 'edit a text document'... 

Then going with anything made by Google, its like "ignoring that you have no nutsack whatsoever", and... "in order to do *anything of significance*... you need to be connected to the internet AND logged in..." Which, guess what. All that cloud power *can* do quite a lot of magical processing power displacement... except in the case where you're not connected to the internet. "It doesn't get viruses, because it has no nutsack to drive your applications, so that's why..." but also, yes, Chromebooks also get viruses... So the commercial where the girl gets a new Chromebook flipping on her desk in school, it's sort of a jab at Microsoft, because it's like 'hey, we only work when you're connected to the internet, and it'll never get viruses, but you might want to beat the thing with a baseball bat when it fails to work outside of 'Wireless access point range...' 

Go ahead and buy a ChromeBook and don't ever connect it to the internet... I guarantee, you will say "This is this garbage... I'm starting to understand why everyone takes a baseball bat to these things... Why did I buy this POS... I wish I went with a legit computer that has Microsoft Windows installed... then I wouldn't be sitting here looking at this thing that does an amazing job of '*nothing*, especially when it's not connected to the internet...'"

This is the story of Google relentlessly failing to realize that they will never be '1st place' material at anything...

Same with Oracle and JavaScript. They're some of the most top notch 2nd place material out there Google...

# Virtual or Physical
This is targeted to be used in live and virtual environments, together, or split, or what have you. It will absorb the updates into the images (via slipstreaming), and enable a way to bypass having to use disk cleanup since the images will already feature the latest updates and instructions... ( update engine ) whereby bypassing a need to use sysprep or unattend.xml file generation.

# Will add more details soon
